---
visible: true
draft: false
title: "Hiring: Senior Platform Engineer (July 2023)"
author: Matt Gowie
slug: hiring-july-2023
date: 2023-07-17
description: We're hiring a Senior, US-based Platform Engineer ASAP. This is a full-time contract with option to grow into FTE if you're interested. Continue reading to learn more about the position!
image: /img/updates/hiring-july-2023.png
callout: "<p>👋 <b>Interested in platform engineering for your organization</b>, but not sure where to start? <a href='/contact'>Get in touch,</a> we're an expert team of platform engineers who deliver high-quality cloud platforms for startups and SMBs looking to scale. We enable your application engineers to focus on your product and in turn generate more value for your business.</p><a href='/contact' class='button'>Get In Touch &rsaquo;</a>"
---

Come join us at Masterpoint as we build **awesome** cloud platforms for our clients! We’re searching for our next great platform engineer to help us architect, implement, and improve our cloud platform pattern that is built on AWS, Terraform, and Containers. Our vision for both employees and contractors is to provide an open and inclusive work environment, strive for a proper work / life balance, and contribute to the open source ecosystems that we rely so heavily on.

## Responsibilities

As a platform engineer with Masterpoint, you’ll be working directly on building AWS platforms for our amazing clients. We build out our client’s AWS account hierarchy, networks, databases, application clusters, and all the various pieces in between. Once we've assembled their rock solid platform, we work with our client’s to document, share knowledge, and train them to run their platform like professionals. This involves the following day to day:

- Writing and automating Terraform code to provision all of the infrastructure for our clients. Terraform is at the center of what we do and we’re damn good at it.
- Provisioning and configuring AWS services to ensure our client’s platforms are scalable, secure, and maintainable. We don’t do ClickOps – Everything is Infrastructure as Code.
- Managing Kubernetes, ECS, and Lambda to automate, provision, and orchestrate our client’s applications.
- Building containers and container automation so all code is uniformly bundled and ready to ship to wherever our clients need.
- Setting up and provisioning 3rd party SaaS tools. AWS can’t do everything, so tools like Tailscale, Spacelift, DataDog, and others are part of our go-to 3rd party toolset.
- Pipelining all the things using GitHub Actions. We’re huge fans of reusable open source and GHA ticks that box with flying colors.
- Scripting using Bash and Golang – Infrastructure as Code can’t cover everything, so scripting provides glue where necessary.
- Plenty of YAML engineering – Gotta love YAML!
- Documenting our deliverables and knowledge sharing with our clients so they’re empowered to take the reins of their platform after we hand off the project.
- Advising our clients on the right services, tools, and products that will help solve their problems in the cloud.
- Communicating with the client and the rest of the team via Slack and Notion.

## Qualifications

### Required

- **We’re only hiring engineers in the US at the moment due to certain customer requirements.**
- Strong interpersonal skills. You can’t be a good team member or consultant without knowing how to work with people. We value this above pretty much everything else to be honest.
- At least 5 years experience in the software industry.
- 3 years minimum experience in the AWS and cloud ecosystem.
- Strong and practical experience with Terraform. You need to have built infra with Terraform in the past and know the ins and outs.
- Experience with Kubernetes / ECS or related container orchestration platforms.
- A strong Unix background. We work on Macs or Linux machines. We don’t do Windows.
- Programming experience with Bash, Golang, or Python.

### Nice to Haves

- A background in Software. Good software engineers make great platform engineers.
- Experience using and setting up a Terraform framework like Terragrunt, Atmos, Terramate, or similar is valuable. We work with these tools because they’re a force multiplier, so if you already know the deal then you’ll fit in nicely.
- Experience orchestrating Terraform delivery at a high level. Knowing tools like Spacelift, TF-Controller, Terraform Cloud, Atlantis, Scalr, and similar will be valuable.
- Crossplane, CDK, Pulumi, or CloudFormation experience. We don’t use 'em and we’re not going to, but more knowledge in the IaC realm is not going to hurt us.
- Site Reliability Engineering experience. Advising clients on SRE best practices and understanding what it means to be on-call is always a plus.
- Cloud security experience. We help clients work through security automation and compliance – the more experience we have in that realm, the better.

## What we Offer

- Fully remote. Work from your home, a coffee shop, or the beach. We’ve been working remotely since 2016, so we expect nothing less.
- Competitive hourly rates. We pay people well because we’ve been there. We typically raise contractor rates after 6 months of successfully working together.
- Consistent work building great cloud platforms – It’s a fun gig.
- An open source first environment. Want to work on or create new open source projects? This is your place.
- Accommodating working hours. Our clients are in North America, but we don’t require 100% overlap with NA timezones. This depends on the work, but we try to be flexible.
- Work / life balance. Regardless if this is a contract gig or full-time employment, we’re all about time off, flexibility, and folks having time to recharge.
- Paid mental healthcare for our full-time employees. We value mental health, so we support our engineers in paying for their regular therapy.
- Training and certification costs are covered by Masterpoint. We want our employees and long-time contractors to always be learning so we’re able to keep sharing that knowledge both internally and with our clients.

### Sold on working with us? Good call!

#### [Submit your application via this link](https://forms.gle/BnF2pKoCusntv27k8).
